Hey.
Well done for making it through another module.
I know the last one had a particularly hard challenge. So if you've made it this far then
great job! Well done!
Now I want to talk to you about
I guess like an experience I had when I was younger and I thought it was really formative for me.
So when I was in my 16th year I really wanted to be the science prefect of the school.
Basically this position where you get to curate a notice board with science news,
you get to plan a science club for the younger children
and I for some reason just had my heart set on it.
I loved everything to do with science and I spent all my days preparing like trying to be the best possible
science prefect I could be like you know helping out and planning future experiments that I could do.
But for some reason, the headmistress of the school she didn't really want this dream of mine I
guess to come true.
And I remember her telling me, this 16 year old girl, that you know at some point in life you have to
experience what it's like to not get what you want.
And you know kind of thinking back on it
it's kind of cruel but you know especially to somebody who's so young and so bright eyed and so set
on this goal.
It crushed me like the moment when she said that to me and told me that you know it's gonna go,
the job is gonna go to somebody who doesn't even want it.
I remember going home that day and just bawling my eyes out like I was crying like there was no tomorrow.
It's just like the injustice of it all
you know the fact that she told me that you know the reason is because you wanted too much.
Like that's just crazy.
And at the time you know my grandfather I remember him telling me that like you know there are so many
things that he could have said to me he could've said like, 'Don't worry kid, it's not your fault. It's like--
it's just because the headmistress is you know racist, because she's sexist or because you know
you're an immigrant,
or like-- There's just so many things that he could have that which could have been true. But instead he chose
to tell me that you know there are things that you can change in life
and there are things that you can't change in life.
The thing that you can't change you usually have to do with other people and the things that you can
change are how you view a situation and how you act.
So you can prove other people wrong.
You can--
You can become something. You can do really well at things and you doing really well will make those
people who've hurt you feel bad more than if you had just been spiteful or something.
And I remember him telling me that you know try to get the best possible grades you can to to become
the best possible person you can.
And that's the best way of reenacting  your event is to live a great life and be a great person.
And I think you know, I think back at like that moments like I had made the wrong conclusions how my
life would have turned out to be you know if I had just decided that you know what?
Whatever.
I'm not going to do school anymore.
I'm just going to go and give up on this whole thing because life isn't fair.
And you know I think it was really really wise
the thing that my grandfather said because it really changed my outlook on life like things aren't fair.
But how you interpret it and what you do
are the things that you get to determine.
So focus on those. And I mean I feel like I'm rambling here but I hope there's something that would
help you too from this story of mine.
You know I know that you're probably in a situation where there are things that have happened to you
or that are unfair that have made things more difficult and you have a choice to--
You get to determine how you act and how you view those things, those adversities.
And if you make the right choices and live the best possible life you can,
that's the best way of showing up to people who've hurt you.
So this one's a little bit deep but I hope it was helpful to some of you anyway.
Let me on Twitter if it's something that you can relate to. And yeah keep going,
keep pushing for your future because you know you're the one who's in charge. you can do it.